welcome to hell stay calm I'm Bob
carscadden this of course is a John
Cohen and coach gonna want to talk to
you about the field turf you got going
in here dude noble field I know that you
were not someone who does things without
reason and I wanted to ask you a little
bit about why you decided to put it in
an assault this year well Bob certainly
we're a little bit behind the times and
having done this because it seems like
almost every sec school is invested in
field turf and their foul territory why
because of the practicality it allows
you to to play faster it allows you to
have more practices and allows you to
escape some rain issues really helps
with drainage issues especially in your
dugout where a lot of loose material can
stop up your drains you know just things
that a lot of people might not think
about but our kids are excited about it
I think it allows us to be a little bit
more athletic in the running lanes and
you know i think the bunny game all
kinds of some small things really coming
to play but again i don't think we've
changed our ballpark a whole lot i think
what we've done is enhance it modernize
it just a little bit and certainly you
know we're going to do some little
things we're still in the construction
phase right now Bob what we will do is
bring in a turpis like infield skins
substance that will look very very
similar if not exactly like the color of
the baseline so for all those visitors
who come by right now who are panicking
and it's a different color bark prather
and our crew have done a great job and
continue to a great job really matching
up those colors and making it look like
a first-class facility which it is you
know a couple things I was gonna mention
the drainage certainly goes a long way
in helping especially in the spring when
I mean I don't know how many games you
guys had rained out or rain delayed or
whatever maybe this past spring is
something certainly going to help a lot
you talk about the speed you've done a
really good job of building up a fast
athletic team
if nothing else sort of helps you play
to some of your strengths it does you
know we do all of our conditioning on
turf as those football really we do so
much in the Palmeiro center you know 99
percent of all of our swings are taken
on turf and practice and even pregame
you know there's not a player in the
Southeastern Conference who hits on dirt
when they're taking batting practice on
the field they're hitting on an
astroturf piece to protect home plate so
you're talking about the four to five to
six wings you take during a game being
on clay and you're talking about
hundreds of thousands of swings being
taken on turf so from a practicality
standpoint we really believe it helps us
not not only from a game standpoint but
also from a practice standpoint as well
so we got speed in the drainage and in
the players is faster all right I like
that it should be funny looking forward
to fall ball starting pretty soon here
too we're going to start on October the
11th our kids are really excited about
that had to back it up a little bit
because this construction but also we
had a couple of injuries that we were
trying to give our kids a little more
time to heal up in Bracewell coming off
surgery Westray with a little hip issues
so I think giving them that extra weeks
really going to help but our kids are
raring to go there ready to play some
baseball sounds great well coach collin
precedes you hanging out with us here on
he'll stay calm thank you Bob